hi guys and welcome to our channel we
have some more Peppa Pig fun today this
time we have the fairground ride game
and I can't wait to show you this
alright I'm going to show you guys this
box Peppa Pig and this is three-plus
fairground ride game can you be the last
one to stay on the swing I'll show you
the bag it has a sweet little story
right here about Peppa and how to play
but I think this is going to be one of
my favorite games to play with three and
four year old toddlers and wait till I
show you guys why let's get this out of
the box there we go alright guys not a
whole lot of pieces keep it simple we
have Peppa Pig and all different colors
we have the blue the red yellow and
green so you'll pick your favorite color
of Peppa and then
have a carousel she lifts this top see
this piece right here on the bottom it
goes right into this right here and then
our carousel sits right on top of that
there we go see how cool that is guys
all right and then it comes with the
directions kind of tells you everything
you need to know there we go
and what I'm gonna tell you that is so
neat about this game is you pick the
pepper you want to be and then you
decide which seat you want to be in so
if I'm blue I might pick the blue seat
and then the red and then the yellow and
last but not least is the green being it
has a nice little bell and watch this
guy's you push a button right here at
the top and it goes around how cool is
that all right but I still didn't tell
you the coolest part about this game
instead of having cards or dice or
anything it has these nice little things
right here at the bottom you see a
balloon and a Sun and you see in two
different places you see a thing that
says hop off so there's one right there
and there's one right here so as you're
playing this game if you're Peppa lands
above the hop off you have to get off
well I don't know about you guys but
three and four-year-olds that are
playing games when they get out it's not
a lot of fun what's really cool about
this game is you push the button
everybody takes turns pushing the button
and then when somebody lands on hop off
you have to get off but the great thing
about it is this pep is not out you have
to keep your pepper and keep trying to
get back on so when you're off you pick
a spot that you think an empty seat will
land on so the next time it goes around
if yours lands on that spot you get to
get back on and that's so much more fun
for playing with three four and
five-year-olds and even adults that
don't like to lose now everybody knows
there always has to be a winner so this
game doesn't go on forever but every
time someone lands on the hop off they
hop off and pick another play and then
we go again and oh this one has to get
off and this one's gonna pick right here
to be and oh now the green one got off
back here but you know what's really
cool is even though he got off the
yellow one gets on so the game continues
and then we keep going oh now look what
happened here the blue one has to hop
off but the red one gets on so this is
the fun of this game
because even when you think you might be
the winner
things change and you can change your
plan your idea if you want to move this
one may move here this time and then you
can pick different spots but the next
time huh the two hop offs are on the two
empty ones that's always good and
everybody's waiting oh the yellow ones
off so we're gonna we're gonna spit it
one more time and see if anybody gets on
look so now guys guess who the winner is
because the blue one is still here the
green ones here and the yellow ones
there and nobody hopped back on and
guess who won our red pepper yay and
then everybody gets back on and it
starts over again here we go
and guys like I said what's neat about
this game is not only that you're not
out of the game and then you just have
to watch everybody you just keep on play
until the very end and try to get back
on and then when this game is over
the next one begins so there's no
downtime where you don't get to play and
I think that makes it so much fun for
little ones that don't want to get out
so this game without a doubt gets two
thumbs up for me for fun and easy and
great to play with for little ones
thanks Peppa well I hope you guys
enjoyed watching us open and play this
fairground ride game and if you think
you would have fun play in this game hit
the like button and check out our
channel for more Peppa Pig fun and as
always thanks for watching